So generator functions are a very powerful feature of the specification because since there are functions
they can be used anywhere your everyday function would be used because a generator function is a function.
So you can put it inside of an object or an expression.
However there's one thing to be said about the yield keyword.
The yield keyword can only be used inside of a generator function directly inside of it.
So if I put the yield keyword anywhere outside of this generator function it would throw an error.
So for example if I comment this out right here and I decide to do items for each and then I'll throw
in a arrow function like so and then I yield every individual item is going to throw an error or 90
percent sure.
Well uncaught Senate syntax error unexpected identifier.
So the whole reason this is throwing an error is because it's a function that is not a generator function
and is trying to take advantage of the yield keyword.